Non-Release Tools - Terms of Use
The following Non-Release Tools - Terms of Use (the “Terms”) govern your registration, right to use and access to certain non-released software tools relating to the Celonis Software (the “Tools”) which are  offered by Celonis SE, Theresienstrasse 6, 80333 Munich, Germany (“Celonis” or “we”). By clicking the “I accept” button you (both as an individual and as an authorized representative on behalf of the legal entity you are employed by) agree that you have read these Terms and agree to be legally bound by them.

1	The “Cloud Services Agreement – Celonis SE” (as made available on https://www.celonis.com/terms-and-conditions/ (the “CSA”) shall apply to these Terms. In the event of conflict between the CSA and the Terms the Terms shall apply, but solely in relation to the Tools.
2	Celonis has no obligation to include or remove any functionality from the Tools in any future version or in any Celonis products. Support Services in relation to the Tools may be provided, but only on a discretionary basis. You may not access or use the Tools if you are a competitor of Celonis and you may not access or use the Tools to develop a competing product or service.
3	In consideration for receiving a copy of the Tools for testing, you agree to notify Celonis of all problems and ideas for enhancements and may also provide further information in respect of the Tools and your experience with its use (collectively “Feedback”) which come to your attention. Celonis’ rights with regard to your Feedback are defined in the CSA.
4	THE TOOLS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". CELONIS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WHETHER ARISING BY STATUTE OR IN LAW. In no event shall Celonis be liable for any damage whatsoever arising out of your use of or inability to use the Celonis products or Tools.  
5	IRRESPECTIVE OF THE LEGAL REASONS AND REGARDLESS OF THE COURSE OF ACTION BROUGHT AGAINST US (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, TORT AND/OR NEGLIGENCE), BUT SUBJECT TO THE EXCEPTIONS PROVIDED IN THE NEXT SENTENCE OF THIS CLAUSE 5, IN NO EVENT SHALL CELONIS BE LIABLE TO YOU, YOUR COMPANY OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES IN AN AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF EUR 1,000 ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TOOLS, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY DEFECT IN THE TOOLS. CELONIS SHALL ONLY BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITATIONS CONTAINED IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE IF SUCH DAMAGE (I) CAN BE CLAIMED UNDER APPLICABLE PRODUCT LIABILITY LAWS OR (II) IS CAUSED BY INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT OF CELONIS OR (III) CONSISTS OF PERSONAL INJURY OR (IV) IS CAUSED BY CELONIS WILFUL MISCONDUCT OR (V) CANNOT BE EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN AND ALWAYS SUBJECT TO MANDATORY APPLICABLE LAWS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CELONIS AND ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF GOOD WILL OR BUSINESS PROFITS, WORK STOPPAGE, DATA LOSS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS, OR EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
6	Celonis may terminate these Terms at its free discretion at any time by providing you with 14 (fourteen) days’ written or electronic notice. Your sole means of terminating these Terms for convenience shall be to cease use of the Tools and to notify Celonis thereof.
7	The provisions in Sections 2 to 7 of these Terms shall survive its termination.
